hey I'm Tom Wiley founder of flex tone
game calls and we just had an absolute
awesome morning in the spring turkey
woods we're wanting to take just a
second to tell you a little bit about a
call that's gonna change the way you
turkey hunts gonna change turkey hunting
forever
it's the flexed tone thunder gobble we
just launched it this year and I was
excited about this call as any call that
I've ever designed this morning I'm
gonna try and teach you how to blow this
call it is very simple to use it's
called the thunder gobble and to blow it
I mean you can it'll produce the most
realistic gobbles ever produced with a
call it's very easy to blow if you've
ever blown a duck call that's gonna come
super easy it's very natural to you you
are like a feed call you go you're
pushing with your diaphragm you stomach
muscles will be real tight when you do
it
very simple you want to start out with
your hands open like this and right
after that first note you want to cup it
down I'm talking about realistic gobbles
every time I'm gonna slow it down for
you now just so you can really
understand what I'm doing I'm going to
come
kind of hard to do in slow motion but uh
but you I think you're getting the gist
I hope yards really easy to use like I
said the most realistic gobble calls in
the woods be careful when you're out
there especially if you're on public
land because you might get hunted
yourself